I'm sure I have\Nseen her somewhere.
She ruined my mood\Nas soon as she got in.
She must be someone\Nwhom I fought with.
I don't think she's\Nfrom my school.
- It must have been brief.\N- Ms. Yoo.
- Constable Lee.\N- Where are you going?
Get in.
Thank you.
This is the patrol car.
I heard that you've solved\Nthe arson case again.
I respect you, Ms. Yoo.
I respect you too,\NConstable Lee.
How did you become\Na policeman?
I always fail\Nthe police exam.
I've failed\Nmany times too.
I studied for three years\Nin Noryang-dong.
Noryang-dong?
I didn't study hard\Nfor the first two years.
I studied hard in my\Nthird year because...
there was a pretty girl\Nin the general class.
Gosh. Should I join\Nthe general class also...
to meet a handsome guy?
Can you drop me off\Nat that bus stop?
Where are you? Are you\Nsure you're not coming?
Dad is waiting for you.
Liar.
Dad is happy\Nif I'm not around him.
Hey, you're here.
Congratulations on your\Npromotion as a president.
Thank you for supporting\NYe Na's mom...
from Ha and Jung Law Firm.
Thanks to you, there's\Nno need for a lawsuit.
Why don't we have dinner\Ntogether after this?
Next time.
You used to stick with me\Nall the time...
when we were younger.
Now that you're an adult,\Nwe can't even have a meal?
Treat me something nice\Nnext time.
Get me the most expensive\Nmeal now that you're CEO.
Sir, it's about to start.
- Oh, right.\N- Ji Seung.
Go in. You must be\Nbusy. Go inside.
Mr. Ha Ji Seung will give\Nhis inaugural address...
as the new face of\NHa and Jung Law Firm.
Hello, I'm Ha Ji Seung.
(Inaugural address\Nof President Ha Ji Seung)
Actually,
I don't feel easy\Nright now.
It's because...
our previous president led\Nthe firm well for years.
I wonder if I could...
lead the firm well\Nlike how he did.
I'm quite worried.
But with your help,
I can make Ha and Jung\NLaw Firm to arise...
as a leading firm.
I will do my best.
I'd appreciate\Nyour help in this.
As you know,
Ha and Jung is the first\Nfirm to establish...
Dongban, a public\Nnetwork that supports...
the victims of crimes.
- Dongban is...\N- Sir, are you okay?
Dad.
Dad. Dad!
- Dad!\N- Sir.
- Call an ambulance.\N- Dad.
- Hurry up!\N- Get out.
Dad.
(Ambulance)
Mr. Kim.
Mr. Ha is being sent\Nto a hospital.
Yes, I'll follow him\Nto check.
(Joongjin-dong)
Noryang-dong\Ngeneral class.
There he is.\NA handsome guy.
You look better\Nwithout glasses.
Who? Me?
You have a bad eye sight?
These aren't prescription\Nglasses, are they?
Are they for fashion?
No, these are my glasses.
Where do you get off?
I'm not a weird woman.
I get off at Noryang-dong.\NIt's the next stop.
Gosh. It's a destiny.
Gosh.
I get off\Nat Noryang-dong too.
Oh, I see. What a destiny.
Why? Why do you keep\Nfollowing me? Why?
Why? Why?\NWhat do you want?
I forgot to bring\Nmy cell phone.
Can you let me\Nuse your phone?
I won't follow you...
if you let me\Nuse your phone.
Here you are.\NMake it quick.
Are you going this way?\NThen I'll go that way.
Okay. Can you hurry up?
I'm late for my class.
Thank you.
Gosh, it's not cooked yet.
I want to have\Nsome barbecue.
I can't have\Nbarbecue alone.
- Hello?\N- Detective Ha?
Have you changed\Nyour number?
No, I'm borrowing\Nsomeone's phone.
Have you lost your\Nphone again?
You're not good\Nat anything...
except for\Ncatching criminals.
- Why did you call me?\N- Can you come here now?
Gosh, I'm busy.
Where do I throw away\Nthe soup?
Why are you bugging\Nme? I told you I'm busy.
I know you're busy,\Nbut you're a detective.
You have to catch\Nthe criminal.
I've caught this man\Nwho had a hidden camera.
It's going to be\Ndone soon.
He hid the camera\Nwith his glasses.
It's not so new.
This one is where you have\Na USB port on the leg.
The black glasses\Nthat are out of fashion.
Give me back my phone.
Gosh, come on.
You have to let me\Nfinish the call.
He filmed women's\Nskirts as he acted like...
he was wiping his glasses.\NI saw it myself.
My gosh. I didn't...
Aren't you taking\Nyour phone back?
Give me that.
It's not a cloned\Nphone, right?
You'll get caught anyway\Neven if you run.
Why are you doing\Nthis to me?
Just get investigated.
You're a very\Nhandsome guy.
Except for these glasses\Nthat are out of fashion.
What are you?
(Queen of Mystery 2)
You should've studied\Nif you moved in this town.
Get in.
Why didn't you use\Nhidden cameras...
in Gangnam\Nor Hongdae instead?
Crazy punk.
That's not proper for\Na detective to say that.
I was only saying\Nthat's how...
such criminals get caught\Nin such places.
What do you take me for?
Won't you get in?
I want to walk around\Nthis place a bit.
What's there to see\Nin this town?
What?
(You can't miss even\None last question.)
(Police Institute)
(Bar Exam Institute)
(Free Lectures)
(The Fastest Train to\NBecome a Police Officer)
(Discounts Given\Nup to 10 People)
As expected.
I should study\Nin a place like this.
(Ino DC Mart)
It's cheaper than\Nother big markets.
It's more cost-effective\Nto buy more of these.
It feels good.
This should be enough\Nto kill a person.
It's 27 dollars\Nand 60 cents.
Thank you.
Where do you think\Nyou're going?
I'm done with the payment.
She paid for her items.
You darn witch.
You've got no eyes?
Don't you see this?
Oh, I forgot.
I won't buy this.
- It's 1,500 dollars.\N- What?
This is three dollars,
and you have to recompense\N500 times the amount.
So pay me\N1,500 dollars now.
Or should I call\Nthe police?
You're saying I tried\Nto steal this?
Don't even think\Nabout playing innocent.
You're making\Na huge mistake now.
You've just made\Na mistake, thief.
How dare you try to steal\Nfrom my store?
You'll go to jail\Nif you continue with this.
Jail?
I won't go to jail\Nfor catching a thief.
You're violating Article\N350 of Criminal Law...
by threatening me.
You may be sentenced\Nto 10 years in jail...
or fined less than\N20,000 dollars.
- What?\N- I just...
bought this much.
Thus, I can prove that\Nit was a mistake.
But you tried to...
extort money from me\Nby using my mistake.
You won't be able to avoid\Nfrom getting punished.
I'll let you go this time,
so just go.
I feel so humiliated\Nthat I won't buy these.
I should just report\Nyou to the police.
What are you waiting for?\NGive her the refund.
Where are you going?
You're hurt, so you should\Njust stay at home.
I'll come back soon.
I can't believe what just\Nhappened to me.
That old man...
will cause trouble if\Nhe keeps being like that.
Right.
I've made up my mind.
(The Fastest Train to\NBecome a Police Officer)
(The short-term general\Nclasses are open now.)
(Discounts Given\Nup to 10 People)
(Reception Desk)
"10 percent"?
I'm saving\Na lot of money then.
I should treat\NDetective Ha to a meal.
I should've bought these\Na while ago.
They're way\Nmore expensive.
Do you crave any food?
I won't say it\Neven if I do.
Everything's the same as\Nlong as you're the cook.
I'll show off my skills\Nfor certain this time.
Did I do anything wrong?
Just buy pork belly\Nand ssamjang.
How could you think...
of adding peanut butter\Nto ssamjang?
Just buy things that don't\Nneed complicated cooking.
Things like canned food.
Okay.
Why are you so generous\Nin buying food today?
I'm sorry for\Nlooking down on you.
After Won Jae's case,
you look a bit different\Nto me.
Did you look down on me?
I didn't know. Why did\Nyou look down on me?
I was the best student\Nin my university.
I appeared as a handsome\Npolice officer...
in a commercial too.
It's a long time ago.
That's not the point,\Nyou know.
I'm telling you...
that you're cool\Nright now.
Can you be\Nmore specific...
in which part is\Nso cool about me?
If a detective gives up,
it means\Nthe whole world gave up.
We're the last resort for\Nthose who are troubled.
Forget it.
Thinking back, there's\Nnothing so great about it.
Anyway, I respect you\Na little.
Take out "a little".
What did you just say?
I respect you,\NDetective Ha.
Are you satisfied?
At that time,
if there had been\Na detective like you...
This isn't right.
It's a suicide.
My parents wouldn't\Nkill themselves.
They were murdered,\Nso please.
Please find the culprit.
It's 99.9 percent sure.
It's not 100 percent!
Goodness.
It's not 100 percent.
She's making me\Nuncomfortable now.
I already told her\Nthat I'm a bad guy.
So I've made up my mind.
You've made up your mind?\NAbout what?
Will you give me\Nback the ring?
Give me the ring back.
What are you\Ntalking about?
The ring...
Give me the ring back.
The ring.
The woman whom he\Ngave the ring to.
Right. It was that woman.
- It's 65 dollars.\N- Okay.
What are you waiting for?\NPay it.
Me?
I thought you were buying.
She said she respected me\Nand stuff a while ago.
Forget it. I'll buy.
He gladly bought that\Nexpensive ring for her,
but he doesn't even\Nwant to buy me pork belly.
She's really\Nstrange today.
Detective Ha,
you're cool.
Gosh, she found out\Nthat I'm a cool person.
I tried to hide it,\Nbut I couldn't help it.
I wonder if she'll confess\Nher feelings...
and make me\Nfeel uncomfortable.
Why is she acting like\Nshe didn't take the ring?
But it's awkward\Nto ask her directly.
Did she eat it for real?
Are you not done yet?
I'm not your maid.
You want me\Nto cook for you...
when you're doing nothing.
You told me not\Nto touch anything...
when it comes to cooking.
Set the table at least.
So what did you make up\Nyour mind to do?
You were saying\Nsomething earlier.
I've decided...
to go on the same path\Nas yours.
Mine?
I've failed before,
so I think I can\Ndo better.
Gosh. I knew\Nthat divorce...
is not a big issue\Nthese days.
I don't really care\Nmuch about it too.
I'll try again.
But it's too soon...
to start again.
I don't have much time.
I get older every day.
I'm not really ready.
But for me,
if I want to\Nstart again...
I'd need many\Nnew things too.
I have to think about it\Ncarefully.
What is there for you\Nto prepare?
I'll take care\Nof everything.
I must have been\Na very cool man.
She's so straightforward.
The path you meant...
was to study\Nin Noryang-dong?
I've analyzed the reasons.
They all passed\Nin Noryang-dong.
How did Kyung Mi\Nget in then?
She's the weird one.
I know Noryang-dong\Nis nice,
but what time is it now?
It's 5am.
There are no cars either.
I know there are no cars.
Are you asking me\Nto send you there?
I know there are drunk\Nperverts out there,
but I'm fine.
I can run if I run across\Na pervert.
I can run very fast.\NGoodness.
You sure you're going to\NNoryang-dong to study?
Why would I go there\Nif not to study?
Half of the students there\Nare there to hang out.
Some girls meet guys\Nas they study.
There are many bars\Nand karaoke around there.
Food is cheap there too.
Oh, I can meet guys\Nthrough group studies?
I didn't know that.
Gosh. You're so ready\Nto date guys.
Which guy would want to\Ndate an old woman like me?
There are lecturers in\Ngeneral classes.
What is this?
Is he scared that...
I'll date other guys?
Why Noryang-dong\Nof all places?
It's full of young\Nguys there.
There are many classes\Nin Jongno...
near that Tapgol Park.
Gosh, this is bugging me.
Thank you.
Why would she want to\Nstudy when she is old?
I told her\Nit's really tough,
but she won't give up.
I won't call her\Nwhen crimes occur...
until she passes the exam.
Gosh.
Everyone's studying hard.
I'll cheer up...
and study hard too.
It's good that\NI came early.
I'll sit\Nin the very front.
Hey, hey.
Don't you see this?
Goodness. What is this?
You get into the class\Nbased on the orders here.
If you want to get a seat,
leave your notebook\Nin queue.
Is this a queue?
Yes.
I've seen her somewhere.
Where did I see her?
Is she Yoo Seol Ok?
Would it be correct to\Nconvict the defendant...
if there's evidence?
Convict the defendant\Nif there's evidence.
Usually, people think\Nthe defendant should be...
convicted if there's\Nevidence,
but there are many cases\Nwhere they aren't.
Do you know why?
These are such cases.
Say for instance there are\Nfive witnesses.
When the jury hears the\Nwitnesses' stories,
- it doesn't seem real.\N- Why is she blocking?
She's blocking.
Will the judge convict the\Ndefendant or not?
The judge won't\Nconvict the defendant.
The next step...
is to convince the judge.
Prosecutors have to insist\Nfor an investigation.
The judge will then\Nselect the witness.
Then this witness\Nin the court...
Excuse me.\NYou're blocking.
This is blocking me too.
Evidence doesn't always\Nconvict the defendant.
There has to be evidence.
- The evidence has to...\N- Gosh.
It's better to watch\Nthe video lectures.
- There's evidence...\N- Goodness.
The judge will convict\Nthe defendant if he...
believes the evidence\Ngiven by the prosecutor.
Aren't you going to work?
You're working out.
Are you tired?
You're not tired, right?
Gosh, it's so easy.
It's so easy.
I fell asleep here...
when I worked out\Nhere before.
But I can't sleep tonight.
Sergeant Yuk.
Stop taking advantage\Nof people who are new.
You all have to work\Ntogether as a team.
Don't you think?
- I mean...\N- Gosh.
Did I do something wrong?\NTell me.
Stop showing off.
You'll fail if you're\Nabove yourself.
What did you say?
You know Detective Go,\Ndon't you?
The one that you killed.
Go Jae Hyun.
He was\Nmy senior detective.
Are you crying?
He's not someone who'd\Nlose in a fight.
He must have\Nbugged him a lot.
Why can't you have good\Nrelationships with your...
- seniors and juniors?\N- Thank you.
The one who's bugging\Nis Sergeant Yuk.
Sergeant Yuk and Mr. Gye.\NYou know that.
What do I know?
I'm busy taking care\Nof the chief.
My coins are stuck.
This happens a lot.
What's going on\Nbetween you two?
He'd take all the credit.
We're a team.
I'm your team leader.
They go everywhere\Nwithout me.
- Yes.\N- What are you doing now?
- What?\N- You all are...
They don't even answer\Nto anything I ask.
Have you checked\Nthe dash cam?
Hey.
Dash cam.
I understand\NSergeant Yuk...
because he has a spite\Nagainst me.
Mr. Gye, that dog.
He used to be\Nmy classmate.
He can't do this to me.
I heard that you looked\Ndown on Mr. Gye...
when two you were\Nin the headquarters.
Who said that?
Crimes Unit One\Nis doing well.
Mr. Gye is\Nan ambitious guy too.
Your styles are different.
But you all are\Non the same path.
Detectives are here to\Ncatch criminals well.
I know you're\NSeodong's Sniffer,
but Sergeant Yuk\Nis Fighting Dog.
His face is scary,
but he's soft\Nat his heart.
Stop showing off.
And get along well\Nwith everyone.
If they don't start,
I won't fight with them.
It is such a hectic...
to listen to a lecture\Nfor four hours.
I should've had\Nbreakfast...
if I knew that it would\Ntake so long.
What should I have?
Goodness.
They're eating\Nas they walk.
That can save a lot time.
I should have\Nsome food too.
Pork belly.\NChicken mayonnaise.
Pork belly, ham\Nflying fish roe.
Please give me number two.
Give me number two also.
(Ino Study Room)
I woke up too early.
What are all these?
Keep the manners, please.
Please don't sigh loudly.
You're too noisy.\NPlease be quiet.
Don't use\Na multi-purpose pen.
Please let us study.
I'm sorry.
It's...
worse than living\Nwith my in-laws.
I cut you\Nenough slack already.
I can't let it\Nslide anymore!
How dare you glare at me?
You rude punk!
You know it's 4am, right?
I said you don't have to\Ngive me a ride.
I can run faster\Nthan perverts.
Just go already.
I might be late.
I need to make the first\N100 to sit in the front.
Don't turn back.\NIt's tempting you.
I might fail again\Nif I stick my nose in.
It's more important to\Ntake the front seat now.
I might be late. Gosh.
What?
A murder case?
I'll be right there.
It smells like\Nfresh blood.
It's a little fishy\Nand sweet.
How should I describe it?
It's cold and lacks iron.
It's very high-tempered.
It's just what I need.
You're here already.
There are so many CCTVs\Ninstalled in this area...
except for this place.
Is there nothing here?
What are you doing?
It's not him.
Goodness.
Go do it over there.
I haven't seen you around.
Who are you?
You don't know who I am?
I don't.
Is my hair\Ntoo messy today?
Do you still not\Nknow who I am?
No.
Are you really\Na police officer?
You don't know me?
I was in an article...
for being a genius\Nscientific investigator.
I was also on a commercial\Nfor being...
the handsome detective\Nof Seodong Station.
Who watches commercials?
Mine was released\Nin a daily newspaper.
(Forensic Science)
All right. I came an hour\Nearly today.
Goodness.
What time do the people\Nin the front come?
I should ask them.
(Criminal Procedure Law,\NYoon Mi Joo)
It's blood.
Stop it. I need to go\Nquestion the witnesses.
It's strange.
How tall are you?
I'm 182cm tall.
Why didn't tell me\Nthat first?
Are you a fool?
If you have eyes, look at\Nhow the body is down...
and the victim's height.
He isn't as tall as you.
I haven't seen\Nthe victim closely yet.
- I came late.\N- Don't make up excuses.
I wasted my precious\N20 minutes because of you.
It's the same for me.
Do you think\Nthe 20 minutes...
of a normal detective\Nlike you...
and the genius agent\Nlike me are the same?
You showed up\Nout of nowhere...
and poked me\Nwith your pen.
Stop it already!
How much longer\Nwill you waste my time?
This is somehow\Nupsetting me.
(Criminal Procedure Law,\NYoon Mi Joo)
What are you doing?
I want to know...
what time I should\Ncome to sit here.
She bled a lot.
I should study\Nthat much...
to sit in the front row.
I usually go\Ngrocery shopping at 4am.
I stopped at the alley\Nto smoke on my way,
and I saw Mr. Chairman\Ndown there.
Mr. Chairman?
That's how people\Nin this town call him.
I thought he was drunk\Nat first and went closer.
Did you see anyone else\Nin that alley?
I saw someone\Ncome out from there.
She seemed to be closing\Nher ear and running.
It was too dark that I'm\Nnot so sure though.
We close our store\Nat 2:30am.
Did you see\Nanyone strange,
or did anything\Nspecial happen?
Nothing special happened.
Right, some crazy punk...
stole our restroom keys\Nyesterday.
(Put the keys back\Nafter using the restroom.)
Restroom keys?
It's about 240mm.
It's that of...
a boy or a woman.
Hold on a second.
This person.\NDo you know her?
Looking at her clothes\Nand backpack,
she seems to\Nbe an examinee.
It's a woman.
Wait, she looks familiar.
She lives\Nin Ino Residence.
She's the one who leaves\Nthe earliest at dawn.
All of you here\Nmight think...
you'll pass the exam.
But...
you're all mistaken.
All of you could fail,\Nunderstand?
It's strange.
It should be\Nthe outer side...
if it was a nosebleed.
But it was the inner side.
Do keep in mind...
that you and I aren't\Non good terms, okay?
You should pass the exam\Nand make your parents.
Hey, you. You've got\Nhoney on your sleeve?
If you don't want to\Nlive in...
Noryang-dong\Nall your life,
you have to focus\Nand focus again.
That's it for today.\NI'll see you all tomorrow.
You, the lady who has\Nher ears closed.
Don't waste your money...
and sleep in\Nfrom tomorrow, okay?
Students,\Nplease be seated.
We're from\NJoongjin Police Station.
Are you tired?
Why did you come here?
I'm not here because\Nof you, so don't mind it.
- Yoon Mi Joo.\N- Yoon Mi Joo.
Where is Yoon Mi Joo?
- Yoon Mi Joo.\N- There.
She's in the front.
Are you Yoon Mi Joo?
What is this?
I'm Detective Ha of\NJoongjin Police Station.
And?
You're under arrest...
on suspicion for\Nmurdering Lee Wang Sik.
What?
Well...
- Stand up.\N- Stand up.
What are you\Ntalking about?
Study hard, guys.
I thought the bloodstain\Nwas weird.
Still, she killed\Na person?
I can't believe it.
I'm 100 percent sure\Nthis time.
You haven't got\Nher confession.
She's innocent because\Nshe didn't confess?
Anyway, it's strange.
Then again,
she doesn't look like\Nshe'd kill someone.
She looks pretty\Nand innocent.
You think that face\Nlooks innocent?
You have no eye for women.
Why do you think\Nit's strange then?
You saw the lecture\Nroom just now, right?
It was amazing.
To sit in the very front,
you have to wake up\Nat 3am at the latest.
But Yoon Mi Joo...
sits in the front\Nall the time.
So?
(Looking for\Nstudy group members)
It doesn't make sense...
that she killed\Na person...
when she was\Nin such a hurry...
to get in line\Nfor her seat.
You've lost your senses.
I guess you don't get\Nalong with this town.
You might not believe it,
but that's how things\Nwork in here.
It's a totally\Ndifferent world.
- What is it? Study group?\N- Yes.
I need to join the study\Ngroup to get information.
I'm too old,\Nand I have no friends.
No one wants\Nto talk to me.
It's all a trick to\Npick up women.
Then it's even better.
What? Come to your senses.
There's no time to date.
Think of why you're here.
Do you want to fail again?
You're no match for\Nthese young people.
They study all night long,
but you're a sleepyhead.
It's the second floor\Nof Ino Building.
Yes, the second floor.
Come to\Nthe study room, B6.
Okay, I'll be\Nwaiting then.
Okay, bye.
Hello?
Are you looking for\Nstudy group members?
Don't call me because\Nit's upsetting, okay?
I can't believe\Nthese annoying punks.
Please.
- Hello?\N- Can I join the group?
I'm in front of\Nthe building.
I'll go right there\Nto pick you up.
Did you?
I'll go to the first\Nfloor. Wait there.
No, I'm here already.
It's room B6, right?
Okay.
Why do you keep\Nfollowing me?
I'm only investigating\Non the case.
Don't you know\NI need information?
Don't walk loudly.
Don't you know people\Nhere are sensitive?
I didn't walk\Nloudly at all.
No one's here.
It's been delayed\Nto tomorrow.
He said it's been delayed\Nto tomorrow.
- Suddenly?\N- Yes.
Something's fishy...
since he told you that\Nhe'd come pick you up.
This is to pick up\Nwomen for certain.
This is the cheapest\Nmarket in Noryang-dong.
Okay. Give me that.
What is this for?
If you wear this...
and dry your hair,\Nyou can save time.
These are to shut out\Ndistracting noises.
This is to prevent\Nturtle neck syndrome.
This is to check time...
when I take mock tests.
And this...
is to stop making noises\Nwhen I put down a pen.
You're spending a lot\Nof money to study.
This town is scary.
It says 500 times.
(You have to recompense\N500 times the amount...)
(if you get caught\Nshoplifting.)
Why? Are you curious?
You want to come in?
No.
I have some parts\Nleft to study today.
Gosh, it's like a fox\Npassing by a henhouse.
I guess you really don't\Nget along with this town.
I'll pass the exam...
and check crime scenes\Nwith authority.
Let's see how long\Nthis will last.
It's perfect.
I need to talk to you\Nfor a minute.
I'll be waiting\Non the rooftop.
What?
What on earth\Ndid I do this time?
I threw away all my\Nnoisy multi-purpose pens.
I put the noise\Npreventing mat too.
I use a straw\Nto drink water too.
So what did I do\Nwrong this time?
Who's the manager?
Ms. Yoo Seol Ok?
Are you the manager?
You're Yoo Seol Ok, right?
Yes. Do you know me?
Of course.\NI'm a huge fan of yours.
The duct tape murder case.
The No Du Gil case.
And the marriage\Nfraud case too.
Goodness.
Oh, right.
Drink this\Nbefore it gets cold.
People will complain\Nif you drink this inside.
Thank you.
It's still warm.
When I saw you\Nregister the study room,
I was like,
"Goodness,\Nis this for real?"
All my body shook\Nout of excitement.
I was too nervous\Nto talk to you.
I plucked up\Nthe courage today.
Really?
I thought everyone\Nhated me.
No way.
I even joined\Nyour fan club.
- I have a fan club?\N- Of course.
It's called, "Yoo Seol Ok,\NI Will Arrest You."
How many members\Nare there?
There are two\Nincluding me.
I'm not sure if the other\Nis a man or a woman.
How about we have\Na meeting together...
when it has five members?
No, when it has\N10 members,
let's do a fan meeting.
I'll take the lead.
By the way,
I have a favor\Nto ask of you.
Will you do it for me?
But you said\Nyou don't usually...
go through that alley.
I had no choice\Nthat night...
because it was too late.
Otherwise, I had to\Ngo a long way round.
Why didn't you report\Nto the police...
when you saw\Nthe dead body?
I didn't see anything.
Your clothes\Nhad blood stains...
of Lee Wang Sik who died.
I thought the blood\Nwas from my nose.
Yoon Mi Joo.
Are you fooling around?
The victim is a man.
Could a woman stab...
a man to death?
He was an old man.\NIt could happen.
It's the cheapest market\Nin this area.
I hope they don't raise\Nthe prices...
after changing the owner.
What? A man is dead.
That's something\Nnot important at all.
This is sold at\N32 cents...
in Ino Mart.
32 cents? That's so cheap.
It's a dollar in the\Nconvenience store.
Ino Mart.
Can I take a break?
I have an important\Nclass today.
Yoon Mi Joo,\Nyou're arrested...
as a murder suspect.
A murder suspect?
I don't have time\Nto do that.
This year...
is my last chance.
Please give me my book\Nand notebook at least.
I have an exam\Ncoming soon.
Is that what's\Nimportant now?
You might go to jail.
I've prepared this\Nfor 3 years,
studying 18 hours a day.
I'd rather go to jail...
than to go back to\NNoryang-dong if I fail it.
Could you please\Nmeet Mi Joo?
She's not a person\Nwho kills.
She's a very sweet girl.
Goodness.\NAll men are the same.
I almost got killed\Nwhen I sat on her seat.
She's nervous because\Nthe exam is coming.
This is the last exam\Nfor her.
Yoon Mi Joo has\Nmuch evidence.
It's not her.
You think you have\Nthe rights to say that?
Sorry?
There's only one person...
who has\Nthe right to say that.
Who is it?
The culprit.
Did you kill Lee Wang Sik?
What are you saying?
I was in my room all day.\NWhat are you saying?
Then you have no right\Nto be sure...
that Yoon Mi Joo\Nis not guilty.
Thank you for the coffee.
(You're going to be okay.\NLet's do it well!)
Everything is optimized\Nfor the exam.
There's no photo\Nof celebrity.
The books have been\Nread for many times.
There are only pens.
Give that to me.
Is it yours?
I'll give it to her.
Great. I'm sitting\Nin the front.
I don't have a hunch\Nfor this case.
Yoon Mi Joo\Nmust be the culprit...
based on the evidence.
What are you doing\Nduring working hours?
You failed your\Npromotion test, right?
I'm preparing for\Nnext year's.
Gosh. Spend your time\Non catching criminals.
You can say this because\Nyou're a single.
When I think about\Nmy children,
I feel like quitting my\Njob as a detective.
My debts are increasing\Nas I investigate.
So do that some\Nother time.
Everyone's busy because\Nof the murder case.
You can't work alone\Nin the office...
just because\Nyou're a father.
They should spare me since\NI have three children.
- Hello.\N- Hello.
You told me you'll buy me\Nan expensive meal.
Our cafeteria is slightly\Nmore costly than others.
- Sir, enjoy your meal.\N- Enjoy your meal.
Look at your employees.\NThey're uneasy.
You don't know\Nanything about them.
My employees treat me\Nlike a family member.
Look. Nobody\Nsits next to you.
Gosh. You have no senses.
You should have been\Na stubborn judge.
No.
I think it's\Nthe perfect job.
There are so many parts\Nthat I can...
contribute to our society.
I'd also like to work\Nfurther on...
Dongban network that\Nsupports the victims.
Dongban was a great idea.
Ye Na's family is stable\Nbecause of it.
Wait and see. I'll work\Nmore on good projects.
Speaking of which,
why don't you...
work for Ha and Jung\NLaw Firm?
I have a lot to do\Nas a detective.
Detectives have limits,\Nto be honest.
But we have\Nmoney and power.
We can help the victims...
much more who suffer\Nfrom crimes.
Let's work together.
Dad isn't the same\Nas before.
Wan Seung.
I need you.
(Investment Consultation)
Sir, there's a guest.
Have a seat.
Chief Kang Bo Gook?
I'm not a chief anymore.
It has been long since\NI worked as a policeman.
So?
What brought you here,
Inspector Woo?
You know who I am.
You pick up things fast\Nas I heard.
That's not true.
You're always on TV.
Even my employee\Nrecognizes you.
Could you give me\Nyour autograph?
- Here.\N- Thank you.
I'm here\Nto look for someone.
You're at a real estate\Noffice, so you should...
look for a house.
I can't look for people.
But who is it that\Nyou're looking for?
He's someone whom\Nyou know very well.
Detective Ha Wan Seung.
You're working too hard.
I have studied for only\Neight hours.
What?
Isn't eight hours a lot?
There is this\N14-hour rule.
You fail the exam if you\Nstudy less than 14 hours.
Are you going to continue\Nstudying in Noryang-dong?
Of course.
I'll sit in the front\Ntomorrow.
I'll be strong and\Npersistent from now on.
You became weird after\Nstudying in Noryang-dong.
I did?
You're similar to them.
Eating, walking,\Nand studying alone.
I'm not sure if you're\Nwalking or being chased.
You have earphones\Nin your ears.
You wear sweat suits and\Nwear a big backpack.
Homo-studypiens.
What? Homo what?
There are people\Nwho only exist...
to study for exams\Nwithout any emotions.
I won't survive\Nin Noryang-dong,
if I don't become\None of them.
Goodness. She should\Nsleep properly.
Gosh. She's heavy.
Goodness. You're so heavy.
Gosh. Should I\Ndrop her here?
She doesn't even wake up.\NShe must be really tired.
Gosh. It's just an exam.
She must've eaten\Na lot of cake.
My joints are breaking.
Goodness. She's drooling.\NIt's disgusting.
Gosh, it's disgusting.
There's an important\Nlesson tomorrow.
Clause 2, Article 144\Nof Criminal Law.
The penalty for\Nobstruction of justice...
is based on\Nits result of...
What time is it?
It's 3am.
It's when Lee Wang Sik\Nwas murdered.
It's also when I can sit\Nin the front.
How can you live\Nlike that?
I think it's good that\NI study in Noryang-dong.
I get desperate.
I want to get out of there\Nafter passing my exam.
That is the only thing\NI'm thinking now.
(Criminal Procedure,\NNo.15, Yoo Seol Ok)
I have four hours...
until the class starts.
Hello.
I make toasts\Nin the morning.
Do you want a toast?
Yes.
(Pork belly and ham,\NPork belly and cutlet)
(Set menu: free cola)
Please give me number two.
Did you kill...
the old man?
Why did you do it?
What are you...
trying to hide?
Right.
It's strange.
Yoon Mi Joo...
may not be the culprit.
(Queen of Mystery 2)
I saw a man who\Nparked a car...
next to this residence.
He fought with\NMr. Chairman before.
It's like\Nyou just saw a ghost.
Or maybe you killed him.
That lady and the old man\Nfought quite often.
On the day that\Nthe old man died,
why did you go to\Nthe bathroom?
So it's not her who\Nkilled the old man.
He was wearing\Na cast on his arm.
He couldn't have stabbed\Na man with an injured arm.
How is it?\NDo you sense it?
It was that.
The culprit is...